Hello wife
Is everything going well?
Do you want to celebrate tonight?
It's going well
Then go to Jinxiang Pavilion
I'll go to the location after get off work in a while.
Remember to pick up Shen Ying from school
By the way, bring mom with you
I'm busy first
Let's talk about it first.
Hello sister
You send me a car
The most ordinary one will do.
I'll be busy
Jean Haiyue General Manager Ye Dehai
Delivered to you in person
You can find him for anything like this in the future
Okay, thank you, sister.
Thank me for asking
Do you promise?
Hey, what sister?
I have something to do, I'll hang up first.
I'll send you the address later.
Just ask him to deliver it to me
Dear, you are here. Okay.
Let me introduce you
This is my boyfriend.
Ye Cheng, deputy director of Haiye Group
Come with us today.
Ah, no.
I have someone to pick me up
brother-in-law
There you are.
This is your useless brother-in-law
I heard he is a professional who eats soft rice